README.md, before:

# Jekyll::T4J

jekyll-t4j is a plugin integrating Jekyll with your local TeX distribution. It enables Jekyll to cope with LaTeX code in your site. If you find MathJax or KaTeX can not cover your needs to write complex articles(i.e. LaTeX using chemfig), this plugin may help you a lot.

Feel free to write any LaTeX! &#x1F389;

## Usage

We start by a simple instance, write a post `2023-02-04-hello-latex.md` and fill it with:

```
---
layout: default
title:  Hello LaTeX
date:   2023-02-04 14:53:32 +0800
---

This is an inline math $$r=\sqrt{x^2+y^2}$$.

$$\chemfig{*6((--[::-60]HO)-=(-O-[:30])-(-OH)=-=)}$$

And this is vanillyl alcohol.
```

Then, open your `_config.yml` file and write:

```yaml
t4j:
  packages:
    - chemfig
```

Finally, build your site, complete!

### Configuire

As shown above, you can configuire jekyll-t4j via `_config.yml`. Here is the template:

```yaml
t4j:
  packages:
    - pkgA
    - pkgB[xxx] # 'xxx' is the option passed to 'pkgB'
    - pkgC
```

## Installation

First of all, you need to have a TeX distribution. Just download and install [MikTeX](https://miktex.org/) or [Tex Live](https://tug.org/texlive/).

Then, install jekyll-t4j just as other Jekyll plugins. Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'jekyll-t4j'
```

And then execute:

```sh
$ bundle
```

Or install it yourself as:

```sh
$ gem install jekyll-t4j
```

Lastly, add it to your `_config.yml` file:

```yaml
plugins:
    - jekyll-t4j
```

Commit message:

prepare to support parallel rendering

README.md, after:

# Jekyll::T4J

jekyll-t4j is a Jekyll plugin providing (nearly) full support of LaTeX.

- **Comprehensive**: support almost all packages, including tikz, chemfig, etc.
- **Fast**: employ KaTeX to boost speed. Use cache, parallel rendering.
- **Server side rendering**: all stuffs are done in server.

T4J integrates Jekyll with your local TeX distribution, so you need to have either [MikTeX](https://miktex.org/) or [Tex Live](https://tug.org/texlive/) installed.

Feel free to write any LaTeX! &#x1F389;

## Getting Started

Let's start by a simple instance, write a post `2023-02-04-hello-latex.md` and fill it with:

```
---
layout: default
title:  Hello LaTeX
date:   2023-02-04 14:53:32 +0800
---

This is an inline math $r=\sqrt{x^2+y^2}$.

$$\chemfig{*6((--[::-60]HO)-=(-O-[:30])-(-OH)=-=)}$$

And this is vanillyl alcohol.
```

As you can see, its usage is the same as KaTeX or MathJax, but we only allow delimiters `$...$`, `$$...$$`, `\(...\)`, `\[...\]`.

Because we use the chemfig package, so open your `_config.yml` file and write:

```yaml
t4j:
  packages:
    - chemfig
```

Finally, build your site, complete!

You can learn more about T4J [here](https://github.com/crow02531/jekyll-t4j/wiki).

## Installation

First of all, you need to have a TeX distribution. Just download and install [MikTeX](https://miktex.org/) or [Tex Live](https://tug.org/texlive/).

Then, install jekyll-t4j like other Jekyll plugins. Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'jekyll-t4j'
```

And then execute:

```sh
$ bundle
```

Or install it yourself as:

```sh
$ gem install jekyll-t4j
```

Lastly, add it to your `_config.yml` file:

```yaml
plugins:
    - jekyll-t4j
```
